Add note about only working when opening PR (#762)
getsentry/develop: src/docs/workflow.mdx

git push origin HEAD -f
```

**If you only need to validate CI**: When you create a PR add `requires <PR link>`
to the body of it. The `getsentry/action-get-dependent-pr` github action will
pick up this value and update the sentry revision during CI.  This is meant as
a temporary measure to quickly validate a change -- one should commit backward
and forward compatible changes in `sentry` since commits cannot be merged in
lockstep.

> NOTE: This won't work if you edit the body of the pull request after opening it.

Reviewer: maybe "if you realize this after opening it, edit the PR body and then push a new commit"

> NOTE: This won't work if you edit the body of the pull request after opening it.

Author: ```suggestion
NOTE: If you notice after opening it, edit the PR body and then push a new commit.
```
